## README

The file folder consists of the data of the ratings, RTs, and EEG signals collected in the experiment developed by Yang & Zhang.

The files "pilot_jargon_UF.csv" and "pilot_jargon_F.csv" report the ratings of the perceived familiarity of each unfamiliar and familiar jargon candidate separately in the pilot study. And the files of "pilot_G_verbs.csv" and "pilot_B_verbs.csv" record the ratings of the perceived valence of verb candidates.

The file "stimuli.csv" documented all the stimuli used in the experiment. Each column defines one manipulated condition; there are 120 stimuli in aggregation.
The file "rating.csv" reports the rating scores (averaged across trials for each condition within participants) of the perceived truth about the stimuli. The alternative rows represent different participants, and the columns correspond to the four controlled conditions. 
The files separately named "cw1_rt.csv", "cw2_rt.csv", and "cw3_rt.csv" record the reaction times (averaged across trials for each condition within participants) of jargon, verbs, and objects. For each file, the reaction times are under the four manipulated conditions: m1(UF+G),m4(F+G),m3(UF+B), and m4(F+B) from 16 participants.
The file named "1_16data.mat" is a dataset after preprocessing, wherein the original EEG signals were filtered with a bandpass of 1-30 HZ, and ICA methods were used to remove blinking, EMG, and other artifacts. We segmented the data to the time-lock epoch of 1200 ms, starting 200ms before and ending 999ms after the onset of the stimuli. The data were then baseline corrected using the 200 ms pre-stimulus period. None of the voltages of epochs surpassed the range from -80 μV to 80 μV, which should be excluded as artifacts. After removing artifacts, there are at least 29 effective trials for each condition for further analysis. Then the data were averaged across trials within each condition for each participant. Finally, we build the present dataset in the format of participants*conditions * electrodes * time points. Among all the dimensions, the manipulated conditions identify both the types of the target words and the corresponding contexts: the 1st condition is the unfamiliar jargon embedded in the UF+G sentence, the 2nd condition is the good verb in the UF+G sentence, the 3rd one is the object in the UF+G context, the 4th represents the familiar jargon in the F+G sentence, the 5th is the good verb in the F+G sentence, the 6th is the object in the F+G context. Likewise, the next six conditions follow a similar sequence, except that the contexts are either UF+B or F+B due to the control of the verb valences. In summary, we have 12 conditions covering three critical words, each of which appears in the mentioned four conditions.


